add docs on localstack docker images (#530)
localstack/docs: content/en/references/docker-images.md

## LocalStack Community image

The LocalStack Community image (`localstack/localstack`) contains the community and open-source version of our [core cloud emulator](https://github.com/localstack/localstack). To use the LocalStack Community image, you can pull the image from Docker Hub:

{{< command >}}
$ docker pull localstack/localstack:latest
{{< / command >}}

To use the LocalStack Community image, you don't need to sign-up for an account on [LocalStack Web Application](https://app.localstack.cloud). The Community image is free to use and does not require any API key to run. The Community image can be used to run [local AWS services](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/aws/) with [integrations](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/integrations/) on your local machine or in your [continuous integration pipelines](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/ci/). 

> The Community image also covers a limited set of [LocalStack Tools](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/) to make your life as a cloud developer easier. However, the [LocalStack Web Application](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/web-application/) is not supported! You can use [LocalStack Cockpit](https://localstack.cloud/products/cockpit/) or [LocalStack Docker Extension](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/localstack-docker-extension/) to use LocalStack with a graphical user interface.

Reviewer: I'd rather not mention that the Web app is not supported in Community, but rather highlight in the section below that Pro comes with the full Web experience. (which is already the case in the Pro section)
```suggestion
The Community image also covers a limited set of [LocalStack Tools](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/) to make your life as a cloud developer easier. You can use [LocalStack Cockpit](https://localstack.cloud/products/cockpit/) or [LocalStack Docker Extension](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/localstack-docker-extension/) to use LocalStack with a graphical user interface.
```

You can use the Community image to start your LocalStack container using various [installation methods](https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/installation/). While configuring to run LocalStack with Docker or Docker Compose, run the `localstack/localstack` image with the appropriate tag you have pulled (if not `latest`).

## LocalStack Pro image

LocalStack Pro contains various advanced extensions to the LocalStack base platform. With LocalStack Pro image, you can access all the emulated AWS cloud services running entirely on your local machine. To use the LocalStack Pro image, you can pull the image from Docker Hub:

{{< command >}}
$ docker pull localstack/localstack-pro:latest
{{< / command >}}

> To use the LocalStack Pro image, you must configure an environment variable named `LOCALSTACK_API_KEY` to contain your API key. The LocalStack Pro image will display a warning if you do not set an API key (or the key is inactive) and will not activate the Pro features. LocalStack Pro gives you access to the complete set of LocalStack features, including [LocalStack Web Application](https://app.localstack.cloud) and [dedicated customer support](https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/help-and-support/#pro-support). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the LocalStack Pro image, you must configure an environment variable named `LOCALSTACK_API_KEY` to contain your API key. The LocalStack Pro image will display a warning if you do not set an API key (or if the key is invalid/expired) and will not activate the Pro features. LocalStack Pro gives you access to the complete set of LocalStack features, including the [LocalStack Web Application](https://app.localstack.cloud) and [dedicated customer support](https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/help-and-support/#pro-support). 
```

You can use the Pro image to start your LocalStack container using various [installation methods](https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/installation/). While configuring to run LocalStack with Docker or Docker Compose, run the `localstack/localstack-pro` image with the appropriate tag you have pulled (if not `latest`).

{{< alert title="Notes" >}}
Earlier, we maintained `localstack/localstack-light` and `localstack/localstack-full` images. They have been deprecated and are removed with the LocalStack 2.0 release. The [BigData image](https://hub.docker.com/r/localstack/bigdata/tags), which started as a `bigdata_container` container, has also been deprecated in favor of a BigData Mono container which installs dependencies directly into the LocalStack (`localstack_main`) container.
{{< /alert >}}

## Image tags

> We use tags for versions with significant features, enhancements, or bug fixes. To ensure that we move quickly and steadily, we run nightly builds, where all our updates are available on the `latest` tag of LocalStack's Docker image. We intend to announce more significant features and enhancements during major & minor releases. We will not create new releases for minor bug fixes and enhancements to ensure that we don't break your existing workflows.

Reviewer: Not sure I follow the logic of the last sentence - can we slightly rephrase it to include a short description of patch releases? Something like:
```suggestion
We use tags for versions with significant features, enhancements, or bug fixes - following [semantic versioning](https://semver.org). To ensure that we move quickly and steadily, we run nightly builds, where all our updates are available on the `latest` tag of LocalStack's Docker image. We intend to announce more significant features and enhancements during major & minor releases. We occasionally create patch releases for minor bug fixes and enhancements, to ensure that we can deliver changes quickly while not breaking your existing workflows (in case you prefer not to use `latest`).
```
